Dare to touch my woman and don't want to live?
Misunderstood today, this matter is severely punished
I'm afraid the light will not let me go
Do no good
Kill him and then control the sand like Yanchengxi
I have been the master of the rock group since then
Brother Yancheng, I have long disliked you
Brothers, if you let him go today
You can't live either.
Why don't you go together?
Kill him and I'll give you one 1 million
Come on!
You think I'm with Holiday Red
The Rock Group is just relying on my business acumen
I'll tell you what.
If you kill me today
Your sister won't live either
I'll only lose one of your legs today.
The next time it breaks, it's the neck